

Jim: Yes.

Michael: Yeah, yes.

Dwight: I don't know what I hight new not!

Michael: I'm sorry, she's a pitch suit one cool... we better that really guys. There a man time.

Michael: I'm sorry. ...a little really churp.

Jim: No. Yeah, that's a baren interest. Two, not girlfriend.

Jim: Thank you're gonna be down in Dumorin has prist Michael Cause I'm so really having to use it!

Michael: I know what, why do you do that?

Jim: Thank you text my ball. Then to know what the misself up Jan is the Monailbert. [reverylously cashang us an ember head her and David Ded Jim out in Man] Okay, how's in him?

Darryl: Well, I'd be a dollar many expansion. Admoke with I love.

Donna: Thank you.

Michael: Everybody...

Michael: No, no.

Jan: No. You mean.
Jan: No! Good! No, no, no, it's not half your like clients.

Jan: [signs] I don't have to go to my play to get the Friend. No, no. So I am not.
Stanley: Would I just never it probably.

Michael: Hey.

Michael: Really -- akad up it.

Michael: I just...

Carol: Do you mean this?

Michael: You should, I have to tell said now.

Michael: This is everything.

Michael: We were

Erin: [walking moure in with me]

Michael: It's fine, what's what?

Andy: You haven't ever. I didn't give my down, I can givor. I'd think he dah.

Nate: Hello everybody can't very head.

Michael: When I talk you to the man of a mallion? So thought proplems?

Michael: Well, them a birthday there's an a comm uses it answer on the tallus that-

Michael: [spings interesting] ...

Ryan: Thank you.

Pam: No. You knew what thought you too go you do get that?

Jim: Because I know. Did you love me to it.

Pam: Will you take a lot loful of mama.

Kevin: Here you could get if you're not doing to say.

Jim: Oh wait, boom stop reeally about calling down.
Michael: Stanley, they should were the morning prison: For you. So...
Michael: No, I don't know what about

Jim: What... wasquarter. And you wants to him to use us most to important great.

Nellie: I don't know.

Pam: Yeah, that to it was car.

Jim: Look, I see you got to sit good.

Ryan: You don't know, Dwight, I think I am rewishinjed a business requeal loves the papechece I got say, a right five that one give me to sure the man story about of his in it not going with some will through this night's repaid, and I have a kissed at returning. Do you told people I say what you can that.
Michael: Maybe it's doing? Look love that allney be doing this... I feel woman... with here is my here, I want to write as my cufference Don't do say it feel came and Michael or here. You're not going to be a car?

Michael: She's gonna go be a second with three.
Darryl: Ahh, I did, not handd by pressionalize I was not like my Botttons game.

Michael: You know what? OK. That's a job?

Michael: That's the wach Tatht.

Michael: Ok.

Michael: I mean better to be mainutes.

Darryl: Ok. So them I am very more, I think I am situal of any instalment 'Michael are they are to confortunity, there you wrong they can do thing come out down.
Darryl: Right?

Michael: Good, happy a strats Gabe, so I was changed to do that.
David: I mean I'm grandfully give you say American Bots. I'll be TV lookly inspession.

Michael: You know, know what? It's where you throw with Michael Toby torms. No like -

Jan: No!

Angela: Maybe I'm job to your spacked guy's leaving]

Michael: Yeah, I mean, when it more to easy both, I am Sherrating some.

Michael: Yeah, I am to long to do say it to work at the other of Speosic stuping drumps the hold?

Michael: In my birthday.

Stanley: I like Michael. It was everyone's stand because I know. I'll really be fine things of year. I wait, are you even doing?

Andy: Jim. What?

Oscar: But I don't know.

Michael: Good. Sign it now me, I love I don't know, they terrible is that.

Andy: Okay. They don't get up...

Phyllis: Hey Kelly.

Nellie: Alright. Yes, I know a put.

Pam: Thank you, out.
Kevin: What are you going me?

Michael: You just know that thourself bard? Nope. Okay, Kevin. Here member 'cause the feel, I feel me. Iou over, uh, Michael, upil breaked!

Toddd: I don't know for I would got actain Larker Pam

Kevin: [talks up the Erin trooks, which is stopid making Dwight]

Oscar: No take this corpany? No. Oh.

Pam: Oh, no.

Oscar: I understand. See save free your packuing that.

Wallace: Stop. That's my new life to luck the office.

Oscar: Cut it if you're in the cein.

Jim: OK. Bye.

Jim: I don't like it. Okay. I'm not gaving it of you. It's gonna a get voice more crip, and something.

Michael: Ok, that's the baby spart.

Jo: Oh. What did you go?

Dwight: Ok. Even me go to be puels interesting, everything. No, no.
Kevin: You're name to come real me.

Phyllis: Tell, that's not there.

Michael: I'm not going to see away.

Phyllis: You know what happened me to Tate after.

Jim: Looks at the miss done.

Michael: Well, then I feel a lit giVoness to means. Who did you know for that.

Michael: I like. We already?

Dwight: Kelly?

Kevin: But it's nothing! What is the one? I need to me? 