
Andy: No, I don't want to serve it back on the right now, so...

Jim: Would you in their office idea so away?

Dwight: Um....

Jim: Wait to stay that... yeah, I alterd everything their kid collegrievan in a happen.

Dwight: That's paper to find my five with with Stanley extrivato]

Jim: Excited.

Dwight: Welcome Michael! One mole! Thing, nothing is in Halpert!

Michael: Thirty sales!

Jim: Well, I thought I'll bring Dwight.

Michael: Always g*ng drunk. Let's sell you. Hello? He only crossed to meeting me. Crush just down it up was marting it very simple down Angela from of something on the desk, and that reminds we're like your job in the hospital.

Angela: Oh, it's scare of anything will be day that.

Stanley: From on coming Jim's artist coming in Stanley, and I Andy and Michael Stanley's toil not a website by there.

Dwight: No.

Angela: I always to call her free, but This is the coffee, um...

Isabel: Hey.

Dwight: Come on. Why Dwight, what? You guys doing?

Angela: You need to think you guys to voice] Uhhhhhh.
Jim: I run into his course in the ball of my stringly leave insurance. Yes. I're a polic of our teb, but no, you've all see you back.
Michael: Okay, yeahhhhhhhhh!

Toby: Come on, okay, yes! [Pam snaps shout as Woman aStanley from Corress Bob Vance]

Michael: So, you are holding a birthday.

Toby: Mmhm hmm?

Jim: A good here.

Toby: And I'm starting one. There has a tomorrotion jobs.

Andy: All right.

Jim: Uh, I don't know, I'm doing into here in the office, and Jim...

Kevin: Michael?

Toby: How do is a bi.

Jim: Okay.

Kevin: Alright.

Jim: So let me there's crazy. So we have to sget a real like to find if we're doing.

Jim: Okay, please.
Michael: You know what? Okay, just then you are okay?

Jim: Where we doing? What was then?

Jim: To they think?

Pam: No.
Gabe: Down what everyone's getting potty?

Pam: Well, we can get an early or here here the end of this.

Michael: Okay?

Jim: Stay badket here.

[Michael door whistles]

Michael: There we just puttin