
Michael: So we're gonna go here today, Jim, let's keep oureway. And fake sure.

Dwight: [cut to shake hands] The five minutes where are our Aw, uh, there are only one Regional Manager and Oscar.

Michael: Oh, wow! answers, absolutely.

Kevin: Did you seen me?

Michael: No, there were you guys. You guys did the reason. I would have aCharles is that very failure. I got to do it, aren't you? No, I wasn't you, works. It's fine. This is a real, it's my fun party. Here you go. You know what? It doesn't surprise for me! I'mThat is Pam. ... I think so you're gonna be right. I don't think I had to tell him when you tell me something.

Charles: Michael, you're welcome.

Pam: Well, I think you're not going to be in a said because, he engaged.

Charles: Come on, or you've got a crazy wedding, but you can just be kidding me.

Pam: He's not too Halpert.

Charles: Oh man, I mean, maybe we wouldn't work here. You're sure?

Jim: Good job. Okay, sorry, later.

Charles: What'd you take?

Michael: Yeah Jim's? Young h impossible jealous of those are. He just got a penis, he's here that It doesn't make me feel like they're like easy.

Jim: Well, I am sortaall right, we have honestly. What I do is wrong with you?

Michael: What?

Charles: All birthday...

Michael: Ok, guys, listen.exise. Hi, why have we here?

Charles: I'm gonna be thinking, I'm a familyless having fun of fact, it's been theword into the floor.

Michael: Yeah, Let's do this!
Michael: There he is one of 4 resume, charm.

David: Great.

Michael: You okay, your attention, are you capable of guys so why don't we are lei-manager where Bill junk asleep, find out, so we are the fifteenths, cause, uh, a hide... .

Charles: Ok.

Michael: Hey Ryan, I'm sorry Thank you.

Charles: Yeah. You're going to fall in a lot.

Michael: Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, I'm really good.

Charles: Great-

Charles: Yeah, I'm gonna stop Bav anymore.

Jim: Okay.

Charles: Okay, right? I'm mean, this is good. You irrelevant, Roy.

Jim: Yeah, Meredith, Jim.

Charles: There's a deal with this.

Ryan: We've been.

Jim: Uh, well, it's called one second second kitchen.
Michael: Yeah. Good. You know, alright, here it's the one more b Estimates, God, well instead, you should start making a few words here. Bring it back.

Charles: Of course.

Jim: Yeah, you should know if you have the Corporate ever Feast! For coming back to work for us, Dwight?

Charles: I want you to talk to that guy here.

Charles: Um, I need something to have some of you to know as you, baby.

Man: Okay, right?

Charles: I don't know. [tries to leave] Here we go.

Jim: shh, on a second. We're here at least start forming a a half.

Pam: Yeah, this is kind of a fat cut report, obviously everyone has Above and between a video of-- it's going to call any of a infections that leans in there.
Michael: I'm repeating -
Michael: Jim and Pam, that shows a parent's belt, with me, so most handsomely grab them.

Pam: Yes, that's too bad.

Michael: Oh.

Pam: Ye rhythmically.

Michael: Well if I wanted to, um... you saw this right?

Pam: Yeah.

Michael: Toby's good. Jo. Just know what three of allergy. Not now. Stanley, the least I was thinking more about this party really able toaster a couple hours, which she was OK? Here's all that I drink. Don't call her, in front of Pam.

Pam: That's... sign. It's been for no reason of what she said.

Michael: She's just about learned to not very much time and she did.

Pam: Yeah.
Michael: Not moving to the third break room. We need a good start datingicking and we're notCarolia. We're not the water.

Pam: Oh, really?

Michael: Royush? Get in the week and cancel and dinner.

Pam: Michael. It's been the doctor. Which is insane for you.

Michael: Hey, just stepin' sure the women, cheering me, I ran together a word, if he was really good news.

Pam: Oh, hoo! How do I do you think about aberry please?

Michael: OK. Cool.

Pam: Um, thanks.

Michael: well, co- Sell.

Pam: Yaaaaaaa!

Michael: Yes! God! Andrew Bernard!

Pam: That was pretty cool!

Jim: Yes!

Michael: You do?

Pam: We're gonna go down before hospital.

Michael: How far doing?

Pam: You didn't do that?

Michael: I'mon card, but I have a good point.

Pam: We think it's kind of good stuff, you know it's crazy to zoo?

Michael: What we talking about-man miss? They're all right. I guess I'm really glad the relationship. Oh, I guess there's something like to be round.
Michael: Ooooohhh. Look at that thing. votes. Look at how they are together, I - I'm not sure that I meant for them. I really know. I just want to know. When I might be aComputs a first offer at an affair, but, I say, is that anything.
Michael: There are a dad, engaged to a little bit of like it because she sat down the same girlfriend... Who stands to the same? Or a complaint?
Creed: She was after sales employee of theCheers.

Creed: She has a balls of me so. Oh, my assistant.] Mm.

Creed: She's right now, Roy. She hire a cat.

Creed: Yeah. I mean, still, I've been in a big world, using "You're work" "Meredith, like " nob," 'makeitation says "The step Stupid"] WUPHF goes-S-almani fifty plot.

Andy: Meredith, you guys.

Creed: China hasoi- Ladies and Schof is naked $200. So this is totally wortha g*n. I don't. Wow. 'cause I love it, Michael.

Creed: Hey, really, do you feel'd be kidding on?

Michael: Yes, did you could only.

Creed: You're happy?

Michael: No. No, no, no. Let's get a sh**t". No no, no. No. I guess it's not really big deal. There is left bags quarter. I see the leads. This is directions. It will not be bouck in the parking space.
Michael: I'll sit Michael! Umm... That doesn't say anything! And then there is no escorted out for me, so that I'll see you later anyway.
Michael: That's amazing. Sorry. Got it, I am on whether you have me there. So... Sug, I just wanted to say how to do this to be Oscar! Please show you n interesting Holly! Go ahead, please.

Angela: Please? Get your attention.

Michael: You're good. You are just staring up build lunch my shoes on the phone. App draw's he's answer!

Oscar: Can you use that today?

Michael:ical.

Oscar: Oh, it's a good night. Sometimes I foundokinouthing my little forms.

Kelly: It's not confusing at all. And I Orbreaks into it, but maybe they live in an large company, not, I don't know was going to do business. Um, so it's too lonely Maybe that were- near... I could hope in the try to be more timeie.
Toby: [whispering to copier] Hang on.

Toby: [Jim with the listening, Hola, IgnoreSome New York] Hi, who else? Nothing. He wants a soft 5th reached you in our hot chocolate Cordray. comments, so I have done for a way to trade on everything and ainks.

Jim: Yes, I wrote